Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#882)
vtex/openapi-schemas: CONTRIBUTING.md

>ℹ️  You should create semantic commits and one PR for each API file to facilitate the technical writer's review.

### Style Guidelines

> In order to generate VTEX's public API docs we use the [OpenAPI v3](https://www.openapis.org/) format and have created a [OpenAPi Template](https://github.com/vtex/openapi-schemas/blob/master/templates/VTEX%20-%20TEMPLATE.json) that contains all fields that we consider required for our API documentation. Please read the checklist before contributing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to generate VTEX's public API docs we use the [OpenAPI v3](https://www.openapis.org/) format and have created a [OpenAPI Template](https://github.com/vtex/openapi-schemas/blob/master/templates/VTEX%20-%20TEMPLATE.json) that contains all fields that we consider required for our API documentation. Please check the template before contributing.
```
